hello this is Fred and I would like to
thank you for joining me on my first
video where we will be covering two
hardware for the project that we will be
doing which is going to be an ESX I
install with three virtual servers on it
three virtual servers will be installing
will be small business Server 2008 and
then we will have two additional servers
one will be a sequel server and the
other will be a terminal server both
will be running on Server 2008 also the
particular makeup of this has two intel
xeon processors it has 48 gigs of memory
and 12 hard drives two of them are 147
gig which will be configured as a raid 1
and then 10 300 gig which will be
configured as a raid 10 all the hard
drives are two and a half inch 10,000
rpm hard SAS hard drives so let me go
ahead and show you those will be taken
off the front cover here and as i zoom
in here you'll see if the hard drives
all lined up also down here at the
bottom these are hot swappable hard
drives you know you can pull them out
while the machines on like I said two
and a half inch very basic we also have
a little Notification Center where if we
have any errors with the system hardware
wise it will immediately notify us of
that coming around here to the side I'm
going to be showing you one of the best
features and newest features of this
particular system and I believe Dell
servers are the only ones that do this
right now
but over here you will see that there is
a built-in SD card reader well this is
where ESXi is installed the ESXi install
is Dell specific there are some features
that are opened up because of that for
monitoring but this the ESXi hypervisor
will actually boot up off of that card
which we will be configuring in the BIOS
at a later time looking over here it's
you can see the mainboard in the back we
also have the memory lined up behind
this plastic case and we also have our
fans here these are exhaust fans
you know very basic redundant you also
notice that we have an additional card
that's put in here that's just an
additional Ethernet card we have two
Nick's in there that we're will be using
and configuring for additional bandwidth
for information out of this server
coming around here to the back you'll
see that we have dual power supplies
again hot swappable and down here we
have an additional standalone port this
is for an idrac card which is pretty
cool this functionality that it offers
is allows us to log into it through a
web-based interface on you know HTT p--
or de t and we would assign a static IP
address to that port where we can log in
and if we need to do a physical reboot
of this system because either the ESXi
locks up or you know we have an issue
something like that that we can initiate
that without having somebody physically
go to the machine and having to power
down and then power it back up great
feature very cheap you know additional
cost and I would highly highly recommend
that you go ahead and and pay for that
if if in fact you're gonna be you know
purchasing this particular server they
also do offer this in a rack model in
this particular application though where
we're going to be putting it in it
didn't make sense and we needed the
ability to to have a completely
controlled environment within it and
that's why we went with this tower thank
you for watching and I hope you join me
for the other videos